README.md, before:

# 🚀 Nuvio French Providers Bundle

[![License: GPL-3.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL--3.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.1.22-green.svg)](manifest.json)
[![Safety](https://img.shields.io/badge/vulnerabilities-0-brightgreen.svg)](package.json)

An optimized collection of French streaming plugins for the **Nuvio** application. This repository bundles the best anime sources (VF/VOSTFR) with a direct link resolution system for smooth mobile playback.

---

## 📱 Quick Installation

To use these providers in your Nuvio app:

1. Open **Nuvio** > **Settings** > **Plugins**.
2. Add the following URL in the "Repository" section:
   ```text
   https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Gowaru/gowaru-nuvio-providers/refs/heads/main/
   ```
3. Refresh and enable the desired plugins.

---

## 🇫🇷 Included Providers

This bundle integrates 6 pillars of the French anime scene:

| Provider | Description | Languages | Status |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :---: |
| **Anime-Sama** | Massive catalog, daily updates. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **FRAnime** | Modern interface, fast API. | VF / VOSTFR | ❌ |
| **VoirAnime** | Comprehensive historical archive. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **Vostfree** | Specialist in streaming & downloads. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **French-Anime** | Large choice of alternative servers. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **AnimeVOSTFR** | High-quality alternative source. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |

---

## 🛠️ Technical Features

- **Universal Resolver**: Includes an automatic resolution engine for popular hosts (**Sibnet, Vidmoly, Uqload, Voe, Sendvid**). No more `ExoPlaybackException` errors!
- **Mobile Optimized**: "Embed" (HTML) links are transformed into direct video links (`.mp4`, `.m3u8`) for native compatibility with Android/iOS players.
- **ESM -> CJS Transpilation**: Modern source code (ES6+) automatically converted for the **Hermes** JavaScript engine.
- **Security Check**: Regular dependency audits to ensure vulnerability-free code.

---

## 👨‍💻 For Contributors

### Project Structure

```text
nuvio-providers/
├── src/                    # Source code (one folder per provider)
│   ├── utils/              # Shared logic (Resolvers, HTTP helpers)
│   └── [provider]/
│       ├── index.js        # Entry point (exports getStreams)
│       └── extractor.js    # HTML/API extraction logic
├── providers/              # Compiled files (do not edit directly)
├── manifest.json           # Plugin registry
└── build.js                # Bundling script (based on esbuild)
```

### Development Setup

1. **Installation**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Create a new provider**:
   Create a folder in `src/` inspired by existing providers. Ensure you export a function `getStreams(tmdbId, mediaType, season, episode)`.

3. **Build**:
   ```bash
   # Build all plugins
   npm run build

   # Build in watch mode (development)
   npm run build:watch
   ```

### Code Conventions
- Use `cheerio` for HTML parsing.
- Import `resolveStream` from `../utils/resolvers.js` to process your final URLs.
- Prefer `fetch` (Hermes compatible) over heavy external libraries.

---

## 📜 License

This project is distributed under the **GPL-3.0** license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

---
*Maintained with ❤️ by Gowaru.*

Commit message:

docs: update README with AnimesUltra and JetAnimes info

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Nuvio French Providers Bundle

[![License: GPL-3.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL--3.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.1.24-green.svg)](manifest.json)
[![Safety](https://img.shields.io/badge/vulnerabilities-0-brightgreen.svg)](package.json)

An optimized collection of French streaming plugins for the **Nuvio** application. This repository bundles the best anime sources (VF/VOSTFR) with a direct link resolution system for smooth mobile playback.

---

## 📱 Quick Installation

To use these providers in your Nuvio app:

1. Open **Nuvio** > **Settings** > **Plugins**.
2. Add the following URL in the "Repository" section:
   ```text
   https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Gowaru/gowaru-nuvio-providers/refs/heads/main/
   ```
3. Refresh and enable the desired plugins.

---

## 🇫🇷 Included Providers

This bundle integrates 8 pillars of the French anime scene:

| Provider | Description | Languages | Status |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :---: |
| **Anime-Sama** | Massive catalog, daily updates. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **AnimesUltra** | Complete catalog based on DataLife Engine. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **FRAnime** | Modern interface, fast API. | VF / VOSTFR | ❌ |
| **VoirAnime** | Comprehensive historical archive. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **Vostfree** | Specialist in streaming & downloads. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **French-Anime** | Large choice of alternative servers. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **AnimeVOSTFR** | High-quality alternative source. | VF / VOSTFR | ✅ |
| **JetAnimes** | Dooplay-based alternative tracker. | VF / VOSTFR | ⚠️ |

*(Note: JetAnimes is currently marked with a warning as it heavily utilizes gatekeeping link redirectors like secured.lol)*

---

## 🛠️ Technical Features

- **Universal Resolver**: Includes an automatic resolution engine for popular hosts (**Sibnet, Vidmoly, Uqload, Voe, Sendvid, VidCDN...**). No more `ExoPlaybackException` errors!
- **Mobile Optimized**: "Embed" (HTML) links are transformed into direct video links (`.mp4`, `.m3u8`) for native compatibility with Android/iOS players.
- **ESM -> CJS Transpilation & Minification**: Modern source code (ES6+) automatically converted, optimized and minified for the **Hermes** JavaScript engine.
- **Security Check**: Regular dependency audits to ensure vulnerability-free code.

---

## 👨‍💻 For Contributors

### Project Structure

```text
nuvio-providers/
├── src/                    # Source code (one folder per provider)
│   ├── utils/              # Shared logic (Resolvers, HTTP helpers)
│   └── [provider]/
│       ├── index.js        # Entry point (exports getStreams)
│       └── extractor.js    # HTML/API extraction logic
├── providers/              # Compiled and minified files (do not edit directly)
├── manifest.json           # Plugin registry
└── build.js                # Bundling script (based on esbuild)
```

### Development Setup

1. **Installation**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Create a new provider**:
   Create a folder in `src/` inspired by existing providers. Ensure you export a function `getStreams(tmdbId, mediaType, season, episode)`.

3. **Build**:
   ```bash
   # Build and minify all plugins
   npm run build

   # Build in watch mode (development)
   npm run build:watch
   ```

### Code Conventions
- Use `cheerio` (imported as `cheerio-without-node-native`) for HTML parsing.
- Import `resolveStream` from `../utils/resolvers.js` to process your final URLs.
- Always use `fetchText` or `fetchJson` wrappers located in standard `http.js` utilities to inject correct headers and avoid Cloudflare blocks.
- Prefer `fetch` (Hermes compatible) over heavy external libraries.

---

## 📜 License

This project is distributed under the **GPL-3.0** license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

---
*Maintained with ❤️ by Gowaru.*
